[MongoDB Atlas] Add Hardware data stream (#9689)
elastic/integrations: packages/mongodb_atlas/_dev/build/docs/README.md

Logs help you keep a record of events that happen on your machine. The `Log` data stream collected by MongoDB Atlas integration are `mongod_audit` and `mongod_database`.

Metrics give you insight into the statistics of the MongoDB Atlas. The `Metric` data stream collected by the MongoDB Atlas integration are `process` and `hardware` so that the user can monitor and troubleshoot the performance of the MongoDB Atlas instance.

Data streams:

> - `hardware`: This data stream collects all the Atlas Search hardware and status data series within the provided time range for one process in the specified project.

Reviewer: Can you help me understand the term `Atlas Search hardware and status data series`. While going through the Atlas [documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/review-atlas-search-metrics/) it has search metrics and hardware metrics. Are we referring to the search metrics and hardware metrics?

- `mongod_audit`: The auditing facility allows administrators and users to track system activity for deployments with multiple users and applications. Mongod Audit logs capture events related to database operations such as insertions, updates, deletions, user authentication, etc., occurring within the mongod instances.

> - `mongod_database`: This data stream collects a running log of events, including entries such as incoming connections, commands run, and issues encountered. Generally, database log messages are useful for diagnosing issues, monitoring your deployment, and tuning performance.
> - `process`: This data stream collects host metrics per process for all the hosts of the specified group. Metrics like measurements for the host, such as CPU usage, number of I/O operations and memory are available on this data stream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `mongod_database`: This data stream collects a running log of events, including entries such as incoming connections, commands run, and issues encountered. Generally, database log messages are useful for diagnosing issues, monitoring your deployment, and tuning performance.
- `process`: This data stream collects host metrics per process for all the hosts in the specified group. Metrics like measurements for the host, such as CPU usage, number of I/O operations, and memory usage are available in this data stream.
```

## Metrics reference

### Hardware

> This data stream collects hardware and status metrics per process of the specified group. Metrics like measurements for the hardware and status, such as CPU usage and JVM memory usage are available on this data stream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This data stream collects hardware and status metrics for each process in the specified group. It includes measurements such as CPU usage, memory consumption, JVM memory usage, disk usage, etc.
```
